[fix][doc] Misleading tip about retention, not mentioned topics policies. (#622)
apache/pulsar-site: versioned_docs/version-3.0.x/concepts-messaging.md

:::tip

> All message retention and expiry are managed at the [namespace](#namespaces) level or at topic level from Pulsar `2.6.0` activating `topicLevelPoliciesEnabled=true` at broker.conf. Since `2.11` that default value is `true`. For a how-to, see the [Message retention and expiry](cookbooks-retention-expiry.md) cookbook.

Reviewer: We introduce topic-level policies from `2.6.0`, refer to https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/4955, but I think we support retention policies at the topic level from `2.7.0`, refer to https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/7747.

Make the default value of the configuration `topicLevelPoliciesEnabled` as `true` from `2.11.0`, refer to https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/15619.

> All message retention and expiry are managed at the [namespace](#namespaces) level or at topic level from Pulsar `2.7.0` activating `topicLevelPoliciesEnabled=true` at broker.conf. Since `2.11` that default value is `true`. For a how-to, see the [Message retention and expiry](cookbooks-retention-expiry.md) cookbook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Pulsar 2.7.0, all message retention and expiry can be managed at the [namespace](#namespaces) level or at the topic level. For example, you can set `topicLevelPoliciesEnabled=true` at `broker.conf`. 

Since Pulsaer 2.11.0, the default value of  `topicLevelPoliciesEnabled` is `true`. 

For how to set policies for message retention and expiry, see [message retention and expiry](cookbooks-retention-expiry.md).
```
